apps.plugin improvements (#18652)
netdata/netdata: src/collectors/apps.plugin/README.md

The configuration file is `/etc/netdata/apps_groups.conf`. You can edit this file using our [`edit-config`](docs/netdata-agent/configuration/README.md) script.

### Configuring process managers

`apps.plugin` needs to know the common process managers, that is the names of the processes
which spawn other processes. Process managers are used so that `apps.plugin` will automatically
consider all their sub-processes as important to monitor.

Process managers are configured in `apps_groups.conf` with the prefix `managers:`, like this:

```
managers: process1 process2 process3
```

Multiple lines may exist, all starting with `managers:`.

> The process names given here should as the operating system gives them. In Linux these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process names given here should be exactly as the operating system sets them. In Linux these
```

Each group can be given multiple times, to add more processes to it.

> For each process given, all its sub-processes will be grouped, not just the process matched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each process given, all of its sub-processes will be grouped, not just the matched process.
```

The process names are the ones returned by:

-   **comm**: `ps -e` or `cat /proc/{PID}/stat`
-   **cmdline**: in case of substring mode (see below): `/proc/{PID}/cmdline`

On Linux **comm** is limited to just a few characters. `apps.plugin` attempts to find the entire

> **comm** name by looking for it at the **cmdline**. When this succeeds, the entire process name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**comm** name by looking for it at the **cmdline**. When this is successful, the entire process name
```

is available, otherwise the shortened one is used.

To add process names with spaces, enclose them in quotes (single or double)
example: `'Plex Media Serv'` or `"my other process"`.

You can add asterisks (`*`) to provide a pattern:

-   `*name` _suffix_ mode: will match a **comm** ending with `name`.
-   `name*` _prefix_ mode: will match a **comm** beginning with `name`.
-   `*name*` _substring_ mode: will search for `name` in **cmdline**.

> Asterisk may appear in the middle of `name` (like `na*me`), without affecting what is being

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Asterisks may appear in the middle of `name` (like `na*me`), without affecting what is being
```

matched (**comm** or **cmdline**). 

To add processes with single quotes, enclose them in double quotes: `"process with this ' single quote"`

To add processes with double quotes, enclose them in single quotes: `'process with this " double quote'`

> The order of the entries in this list is important: the first that matches a process is used, so put important

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The order of the entries in this list is important: the first one that matches a process is used, so follow a top-down hierarchy.
```

> ones at the top. Processes not matched by any row, will inherit it from their parents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Processes not matched by any row, will inherit it from their parents.
```

@ktsaou here I remove the remnant of the previous sentence, but I got a question:

> Processes not matched by any row, will inherit **it** from their parents.

What does "it" represent here? Could it be referring to the snippet you removed:

```md
If a group or process name starts with a `-`, the dimension will be hidden from the chart (cpu chart only).

If a process starts with a `+`, debugging will be enabled for it (debugging produces a lot of output - do not enable it in production systems).

You can add any number of groups. Only the ones found running will affect the charts generated.
However, producing charts with hundreds of dimensions may slow down your web browser.
```

If it does, then probably the whole line can be deleted.

Author: Their group.
So we have PIDs (processes) which we group together in a meaningful way. So, PIDs not matches by any row, will inherit their group from their parents.

There are a few command line options you can pass to `apps.plugin`. The list of available

> options can be acquired with the `--help` flag. The options can be set in the `netdata.conf` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
options can be acquired with the `--help` flag. The options can be set in the `netdata.conf` using the [`edit-config` script](/docs/netdata-agent/configuration/README.md).
```

> For example, to disable user and user group charts you should set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to disable user and user group charts you would set:
```
